# Live Project for Easy-Donate internship - Instagram Profile Page Clone

(unfinished)
This is my live project for the Easy-Donate internship, which will be an 
attempt to make a similar design to the profile tab on the Instagram app. 
The goal of the app is to test out what I've learned so far from the 
bootcamp about making an app with a nice interface as well as managing the 
state of the app through user interactions. Functionalities like editing 
text should be similar to what I have experience in the bootcamp and TDD 
course. In addition to that, this project will involve the uploading of 
images as well from the device the app operates on which will be a bit 
different than what I have worked on previously so that may require some 
research to get down that functionality. I may need to use some new packages
or perhaps some previous package that I have already used may have the
necessary functionality that I need to implement. 

The interface will have a profile picture that should be able to be changed 
through the use of the camera or camera roll (existing photos). The name 
and the bio will be text fields that can be edited through the use of an 
"Edit Profile" button that should lead to a new screen to edit the 
respective information. Another major functionality that I plan to 
implement is the ability to post images along with captions, and these 
posts should also be able to display the date they were posted on. These 
posts should show up at the bottom half of the profile screen as a 
scrollable list in rows of 3 sorted from newest to oldest. Clicking on any 
of those images should lead to the post with the image enlarged to fit as 
much of the screen as it can along with its caption below it and the date 
posted. Of course, there should be a "Back" button near the top of the post 
screen that leads back onto the profile page.